[Docs site] Learning paths, v2 (#7612)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/load-balancing/_partials/_dns-load-balancing-limitations.md

---
_build:
  publishResources: false
  render: never
  list: never
---

In comparison to proxied, layer 7 load balancing, DNS-only load balancing:

- Does not hide the IP addresses of your origin servers, leaving them vulnerable to DDoS attacks.
- Performs slower failover and less accurate routing, because it has to rely on DNS resolvers and cache settings.

> - Cannot integrate with other Cloudflare features such as caching, Workers, WAF, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Cannot integrate with other Cloudflare features such as caching, Workers, and the WAF.
```
